Document how to troubleshoot Defend's self-healing feature on Windows (#6361)
elastic/security-docs: docs/troubleshooting/ts-management.asciidoc

If the command output doesn't contain a message about enabling Full Disk Access, the approval was successful.

====

[discrete]
[[disable-self-healing]]
.Disable {elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature on Windows
[%collapsible]
====

[discrete]
[[self-healing-vss-issues]]
==== Volume Snapshot Service issues

> {elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature rolls back recent file system changes when a prevention alert is triggered. This feature uses the Windows Volume Snapshot Service. Although it's uncommon for this to cause issues, you can turn off this {elastic-defend} feature if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature rolls back recent filesystem changes when a prevention alert is triggered. This feature uses the Windows Volume Snapshot Service. Although it's uncommon for this to cause issues, you can turn off this {elastic-defend} feature if needed.
```

If issues occur and the self-healing feature is enabled, you can turn it off by setting `windows.advanced.alerts.rollback.self_healing.enabled` to `false` in the integration policy advanced settings. Refer to <<self-healing-rollback>> for more information.

{elastic-defend} may also use the Volume Snapshot Service to ensure the feature works properly even when it's turned off. To opt out of this, set `windows.advanced.diagnostic.rollback_telemetry_enabled` to `false` in the same settings.

[discrete]
[[self-healing-compatibility-issues]]
==== Known compatibility issues

There are some known compatibility issues between {elastic-defend}'s self-healing feature and filesystem replication features, including https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/storage/dfs-replication/dfsr-overview[DFS Replication] and Veeam Replication. This may manifest as `DFSR Event ID 1102`:

`The DFS Replication service has temporarily stopped replication because another application is performing a backup or restore operation. Replication will resume after the backup or restore operation has finished.`

> There are no known workarounds for this issue other than to disable the self-healing feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no known workarounds for this issue other than to turn off the self-healing feature.
```
